Well then... today with Ai-chan...
For the sake of learning...
Let's start studying English!
I'm going to give it my best today too!
First problem...
♪ Te, ren!♪
(Phrase by Estee Lauder)
"Because I ended up seeing.... the person's cross-dressing hobby..."
"I got into the rich life"
"Look for a sweet person"
"Exclude thinking about them being rich"
I was completely wrong, right?
Well, well... I was just warming up
(Phrase by Bob Marley)
"Some people accept the rain and..."
"Tomorrow, they'll do it by hand..."
"There are people who feel the rain, but there are also people who just get wet"
I see...
That's deep... somehow, it's serious today, right?
(Phrase by Muhammad Ali)
Hey, I could read English just now!
Amazing!
"Boys, go and get dominated by girls!"
*laughs* However, it was completely wrong...
"The man who has no imagination has no wings"
Ah, it wasn't 'men' but 'man'...
This is 'man', this...
*laughs*
Ah, so, 'imagination' has the meaning of imagination (想像力)...
I see...
Let's go with this...
I've gotten smart!
♪ Te, tede, de, te, ten! ♪
(Phrase by Steven Spielberg)
I 'dream'...
"I don't see dreams at night"
"I'm always seeing dreams"
Is what it looks like...
"I don't dream at night"
"I dream all day"
"I dream for a living"
Oh!
Oh, this is the best one so far!
That I got the feeling that I understood it
That's so clever!
I'm the smart, cute Ai-chan!
(Phrase by Michael Jordan)
I can... 'accept'...
What would 'accept' be?
This is sort of... ehm...
I'm... able to open a plastic bottle!
*laughs*
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying"
I see, there's some good words today... so deep~
Right?
(Phrase by Jojo)
"Her hair!"
"I don't really like it!
"Surprising! Is that hair?!"
I sort of failed quickly there...
I thought there were good words there until the end...
Last problem!
♪ Te, ren!♪
(No idea, complete mistranslation)
[What is this English?]
Hmm?
"That's..."
"You can't eat breakfast inside Apollo"!
"It's not appropriate to say this during breakfast, but..."
"Seeing you in pain makes me happy"
*laughs*
Are you a sadist?!
Eh? What is this?
This is that, right?
When a couple no longer loves each other...
The wife...
Can't stand it anymore...
And gets tied to her husband...
Luring him by leaving him some poisonous food...
And until he eats it...
You're not allowed to leave...
That sort of thing, right?
Doing that during breakfast... with a smiling face~
Is what I feel the wife would do...
Aah...
That's dangerous...
Man, how was that?
Today, there were sort of...
A lot of deep phrases, right?
What happened in the last one?
Is it alright? Even if it was an artificial creation...
But, well...
I can read most of English...
I don't understand it yet, but that will surely come!
And for that, I will try my best!
Let's all do our best in English!
That was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Bararo, 963852, Lacrymac, and Vortex